docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/partials/glossary/_arbitrum-chain.mdx

titleforSort: Arbitrum chain
---

> A blockchain that runs on the Arbitrum platform. Arbitrum chains are EVM compatible, and use an underlying EVM chain (e.g., Ethereum) for settlement and for succinct fraud-proofs (as needed). Arbitrum chains come in two forms: [Arbitrum Rollup Chains](/intro/glossary#arbitrum-rollup-chain) and [Arbitrum AnyTrust Chains](/intro/glossary#arbitrum-anytrust-chain).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A blockchain that runs on the Arbitrum platform. Arbitrum chains are EVM compatible, and use an underlying EVM chain (for example, Ethereum) for settlement and for succinct fraud proofs (as needed). Arbitrum chains come in two forms: [Arbitrum Rollup chains](/intro/glossary#arbitrum-rollup-chain) and [Arbitrum AnyTrust chains](/intro/glossary#arbitrum-anytrust-chain).
```
